As we've mentioned before header's or HTP headers are really really important in telling the browser
what to do with some of the contents that we've delivered.
And sometimes to tell servers what to do as well with these should be requests.
There are a ton of them and I'll leave a resource for you to read up on them because it is the it is
outside of the scope of this course.
But you're going to really really like me because I'm going to make this process super simple for you.
To have secure headers in something like an express up that's all we need to do.
Again these are problems that everybody has on their apps so there exists packages that help you make
things easier.
So we just need NPM install helmet.
Now let me show you how it works.
If I go back to my app here and let's minimize this for now so we can see everything let's just see
what happens without helmet being used.
I'm going to type something in here and let's open up the Network tab and just send some jibberish.
All right.
I get my secret
and I see in my headers that I have all this little information oh look at that I have information that
this Web site is powered by Xpress.
Now that might not seem like important information but to a knowledgeable hacker maybe now I can Google
him vulnerabilities and express and maybe if I haven't updated my express server that bad actor can
now use those vulnerabilities against me.
And there's many many headers like that that really affect the security of the app.
And we have this great package called Hammad that I install on every server that I built and helmet
as you can see helps you secure your express apps by setting various headers and there's tools for things
other than express but Express is generally the most common and most well documented in the community.
And as you can see here it's quite easy.
So let's just copy and paste this.
I'm going to install Helmut.
Let's go back here and PM install Helmut and we can just include it as helmet equals require
helmets.
Perfect.
And then if we look at the documentation right after app equals Express we can just use Helmut again
and another middleware So we're intercepting the TBs and adding or modifying the headers.
Remember instead of doing this type of thing where we have to set the headers helmet does this for us.
So fight save.
Ron NPM start and go back to our app and let's just refresh here.
And I'm just going to submit something else.
All right I get a nother seeker request but check this out.
There's no X par by any more but we have all these headers such as cross-site scripting protection free
options download option DNS prefetch control Content-Type options look that.
We even have have a strict transport security Max Saige.
That's a law of things.
And you know what hametz sets all of this for us if we scroll down you see you can click through all
of these and shows you what gets set and what gets set by default because some of these things they
don't set so that you have some some freedom to adjust them.
But out of the box just by running helmet without doing any configuration we have all of these guards
in place.
For example H.S. TS or strict transport security that we saw over here.
Where was it.
There you go.
This says that with this website we're only going to allow AC DC s on the server and it redirects any
calls made by this client to CBS and has max age which says I want you to remember this for this much
time and this feels like it's a year.
It's a long time.
And the high powered by option that's the X powered by header that was removed.
Remember it showed Xpress because of Helmut.
There you go.
Nice and simple solution.
You can go ahead and read up on all of these and other security headers.
But Helmut honestly covers a big chunk of these issues and if you have helmet as part of your app while
then you're pretty much set.
You see I told you this was going to be a nice and easy video.
I think we deserve that every once in a while.
All right.
I'll see you in the next one.
Bye bye.